feat: conda env for bentos in bentostore (#3396)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/guides/envmanager.rst

================
Environment Manager
================

*Not supported on Windows*

> The Environment Manager creates an isolated environment based on the
> dependencies from the bentofile.yaml to run bentoml-cli commands. This means you
> can use the environment manager to create an environment and use it to run
> ``bentoml serve`` which will then serve your bento in the isolated environment
> that is created. 

Reviewer: some grammar
```suggestion
Environment manager is a utility that helps create an isolated environment to run the BentoML CLI. Dependencies are pulled from your defined ``bentofile.yaml`` and the environment is built upon request. 

This means by passing ``--env`` to supported CLI commands (such as :ref:``<add_link_to_bentoml_serve>``), such commands will then be run in an sandbox environment that mimics the behaviour during production.
```

.. code-block:: bash

   » bentoml serve --env conda iris_classifier:latest

> .. tip::
> 
>     Depending on the environment, the env-manager will use different tools
>     behind the scenes to resolve and install the dependencies. The logs for
>     these tools are hidden by env-manager default. To view them, run bentoml 
>     in debug mode with ``--debug``/``--verbose`` flag.

Reviewer: I think this is not needed to be here.

```suggestion
```

> Caching
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caching strategies
==================
```

> There are 2 types of environment that can be created for you based on the serving
> target you invoke ``bentoml serve`` with. 
> (checkout :ref:`bentoml serving reference <reference/cli:serve>` for more
> information on different serving targets.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, there are two types of environments that are supported by the environment manager:
```

> 1. Persistant environments - If the serving target is a Bento-Tag for a bento in
>    the bento store, the created environment will be persistant and will be saved 
>    to ``$BENTOML_HOME/env``. For subsequent invocations can use the same
>    environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Persistent environment: If the given target is a Bento, then the created environment will be stored locally to ``$BENTOML_HOME/env``. Such an environment will then be cached and later used by subsequent invocations.
```

> 2. Ephimeral environments - In all other cases, ie if the serving target is the 
>    import path of a ‘bentoml.Service’ instance or a folder containing a valid 
>    ‘bentofile.yaml’ build file, the created environment will be removed after
>    the bentoml command has been complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Ephemeral environment: In cases where the given target is not a Bento (import path to ``bentoml.Service``, project directory containing a valid ``bentofile.yaml``), the environment will be created and cleanup up on demand.

.. note::

	The current implementation will try to install the given dependencies before running the CLI command. Therefore, the environment startup will be a blocking call.
```
